src/app/page.mdx, before:


import DropCap from './_components/drop-cap.tsx'

# homo&shy;socialization for terminally online perverts

<DropCap>f</DropCap>lagging, also know as [&ldquo;the hanky
code&rdquo;](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Handkerchief_code) is a longstanding
tradation in the gay community meant to covertly signal your sexual availability
and preferences to others while out crusing for casual sex. by wearing
color-coded handkerchiefs in your back pocket, you can let others know what
fetish or sexual activity you&rsquo;re seeking out, as well as your prefered position.

for example, an [orange](/h/orange) hanky means you are open to anything, anywhere (but not necessarily anyone), and wearing it in your right pocket means you are a top, while wearing it in your left pocket means you are a bottom.

the practice of flagging has long since become a relic of a former time in the queer community, but now you can flag online and let other perverts know you&rsquo;re down to clown.

this site is almost entirely a goof, and takes **heavy** inspiration from others like [kink garden](https://kink.garden) and (the now defunct) [pronoun.is](https://github.com/witch-house/pronoun.is).

this site is also [open source](https://github.com/thedoomshine/flagging), so if you would like to add any new hankies, please submit a pull request.

to get started, [select your first hanky](/p) and start flagging!

Commit message:

got mdx loading for hover cards, but hover cards dont position properly

src/app/page.mdx, after:

import DropCap from './_components/drop-cap'
import HoverCard from './_components/hover-card'

# homo&shy;socialization for terminally online perverts

<DropCap>f</DropCap>lagging, also know as [&ldquo;the hanky
code&rdquo;](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Handkerchief_code) is a longstanding
tradation in the gay community meant to covertly signal your sexual availability
and preferences to others while out crusing for casual sex. by wearing
color-coded handkerchiefs in your back pocket, you can let others know what
fetish or sexual activity you&rsquo;re seeking out, as well as your prefered
position.

for example, an <HoverCard color='black'>orange</HoverCard> hanky means you are open to anything, anywhere (but not necessarily anyone), and wearing it in your right pocket means you are a top, while wearing it in your left pocket means you are a bottom.

the practice of flagging has long since become a relic of a former time in the queer community, but now you can flag online and let other perverts know you&rsquo;re down to clown.

this site is almost entirely a goof, and takes **heavy** inspiration from others like [kink garden](https://kink.garden) and (the now defunct) [pronoun.is](https://github.com/witch-house/pronoun.is).

this site is also [open source](https://github.com/thedoomshine/flagging), so if you would like to add any new hankies, please submit a pull request.

to get started, [select your first hanky](/p) and start flagging!
